---
template: post
title: 'Labs Week 4 '
slug: SocialApp
draft: false
date: 2019-04-12T11:55:37.298Z
description: SocialApp2
category: Labs
tags:
  - Labs
---
For week 4 of Labs, our focus was on improving the UI/UX of the site and making sure the overall design and feel of the site was consistent. Most of the work this week involved the front end. This involved heavy use of the inspect tool to constantly look at the site, make adjustments in the code, and ensure everything looked clean. Additionally, I used Visbug, recommended to me by Jonathan, a chrome extention to easily move components of the site around and get an quick visual reference on where parts of the site should go.  I feel at this point the site is at an reasonably slick level of UI/UX and is fairly easy to navigate though we're still testing it and improving it.



https://github.com/labs11-social-board/labs11_social_boardFE/pull/171

https://github.com/labs11-social-board/labs11_social_boardFE/pull/162

https://github.com/labs11-social-board/labs11_social_boardFE/pull/126

https://github.com/labs11-social-board/labs11_social_boardFE/pull/121

https://github.com/labs11-social-board/labs11_social_boardFE/pull/115



Detailed Analysis

https://github.com/labs11-social-board/labs11_social_boardFE/pull/171

For this PR in particular was challenging, getting the props to be passed down took a significant chunk of time and the help of my team to get through. For whatever reason, toggleRegisterModal wasn't being passed to the NonUserLandingView page of the site. We checked each nook and cranny and looked back at the original codebase for the original implementation of it, but the way it was implemented was somewhat hard to see. However, Jeffery after looking at the App.js file more, realized that we forgot to pass it down in the else statement due to the fact it checks if a user is logged in or not. Once we put it in there and made sure it was also passed down, the props was passed down properly. After making a quick adjustment to the call after that, it worked properly. 



Overall, this week went fairly well and did a lot of work to be consistent in the styling of the site.  Though it doesn't feel that the UI/UX track never really ends, as there's constant small things to improve to make the site feel better to use. Feedback is shown to be extremely helpful at this phase and seeing what users do is important.
